John;3;16;;For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Ether;12;4;;Wherefore, whoso believeth in God might with asurety bhope for a better world, yea, even a place at the right hand of God, which chope cometh of faith, maketh an anchor to the souls of men, which would make them sure and steadfast, always abounding in good works, being led to glorify God.
Mosiah;2;41;;"And moreover, I would desire that ye should consider on the blessed and happy state of those that keep the commandments of God. For behold, they are bblessed in all things, both temporal and spiritual& and if they hold out faithful to the end they are received into heaven, that thereby they may dwell with God in a state of never-ending happiness. O remember, remember that these things are true& for the Lord God hath spoken it."
Mark;8;35;36;"35 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it& but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel’s, the same shall save it. 36 For what shall it profit a man, if he shall again the whole world, and lose his own soul?"
Matthew;11;28;30;28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me& for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. 30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light."
1 Nephi;3;7;;And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I awill go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.
Alma;36;3;;Whosoever shall put their trust in God shall be supported in their trials, and their troubles, and their afflictions, and shall be lifted up at the last day.
Moroni;7;41;;And what is it that ye shall hope for? Behold I say unto you that ye shall have hope through the atonement of Christ and the power of his resurrection, to be raised unto life eternal, and this because of your faith in him according to the promise.
Ether;12;8;9;8 “But because of the faith of men he has shown himself unto the world, and glorified the name of the Father, and prepared a way that thereby others might be partakers of the heavenly gift, that they might hope for those things which they have not seen. 9 “Wherefore, ye may also have hope, and be partakers of the gift, if ye will but have faith.”